React 
It is a Javascript library for building user interfaces.
it has speed.

The user interface(UI) is the point of human-computer interaction and communication in a device. This can include display screens,
keyboards, a mouse and the appearance of a desktop.

Advantages:
1.Speed
In browser, at any instance only one html file can be shown.
If we navigate to any other html file, re-rendering of whole page takes place due to which the browser reloads.
Such applications which contains many html files are called Multi-page applications, which are considered slow because of reloading
of browsereach time.
So, to avoid this, we use ReactJS, which works on the principle of Single Page Application. Therefore we stay on the same page(html file)
and no reloading of browser takes place, hence the website runs smooth and fast.
2.Re-usability(component based architecture)
In React, if we observe a certain amount of html code, which is being used many times, then instead of writing the whole code each time,
we make component for the repeating element, and call that component whwnever we need that set of html.
Javascript functions same as React components.

Component Based Approach:
A Component is one of the core building blocks of React. In other wrds, we can say that every application you will develop in React
will be made up of pieces called components.
Components make the task of building UIs much easier.

Declarative Approach:
Declarative programming is a programming paradigm that express the logic of a computation without describing its control flow.

Installation:
commands to install react ------>>
  npm install -g create-react-app
  create-react-app-version
  create-react-app <projectname> //----------angle brackets are not included

  
DOM updates are handled gracefully
Reusable Code
React is designed for speed of implementing the application simplicity and scalability.

node_module:
node_modules folder is the repository of modules/library which you are using inside your project. What ever you are importing in your
project that module or library should present inside the node_module folder.When you do npm install that time that module or the library
install inside the node_module folder and one entry added in package.json file.

The html tags used under render in js is called JSX.
React Fragment is better than div method as it does not create extra node and also takes less storage .

A special fragment syntax.
React also introduced a syntactical sugar for fragments.

Expressions in JSX is written in curly braces {}.

JSX Attribute in ReactJS :
contentEditable allows the content to edit .